Today you should think about your overdependence on money and material possessions, Pisces. Don't you think you spend too much of your precious time thinking about money and where you're going to find it? Are you careful with your money? Do you stick to or even have a budget? These are important questions and this is a good day to find the answers.
The last few weeks have been a little too serious for your tastes, but this is good for you every once in a while, Aries. You may have a tendency to want to play, which sometimes keeps you from getting your work done. Take today to try and get your daily life organized so you can have time to take care of your responsibilities and have a little fun.
Taurus, you're someone who needs to have a lot of time to yourself. You often dream of curling up in bed with a good book or going for a bike ride. This is just your natural rhythm. Don't try and ignore it, because doing so could only mean problems for you. Give in from time to time. If you don't, at least use today to think about how you could.
This will be a great day for you, Gemini. Everything you touch will seem to turn to gold. The day's events will fall right into place. You will take pleasure in being calm and efficient. But what you may not realize is that this could happen every day. Take the time to see what's going right today in order to make it happen again tomorrow!
Today you may be feeling a little surer of yourself than usual. You can be fairly shy and reserved. Today you should try and make people a little more aware of you, to take you seriously. It's time that people respected you more, especially the people around you. Try to think of yourself before you think of other people. You're worth it!
This would be an ideal day to think about your personal interests in all areas of your life, Leo. You've surely noticed that in various relationships you tend not to consider yourself and what you get out of it. The configuration of the planets today can help you concentrate on yourself and think about what you give up in return for your need to please others.
don't be surprised if you meet people who are quite self-centered today. In general, it could be that you have a hard time understanding people who are egotistical and don't participate in activities with others. Today you could try looking at them as if they had something to teach you - the value of living a bit more for yourself and less for others.
Today could be rather constraining, Libra. Despite your great aspirations, today will be marked by the need to take care of the small problems that arise in everyday life. In other words, just what you love. That said, being more down to Earth or in contact with the realities of the world can never do anything but good for you.
Even if it's true in general that Scorpio have strong bodies like you, there are times when it's important that they take care of themselves. This would be an ideal day to be more aware of that fact. It isn't that you're going to have health problems. Rather, the planets are positioned in the middle of abundant activity, suggesting that you'd be wise to take care of your body - your greatest asset.
Today might be a little rough for you, Sagittarius. It's as if reality were waiting to trip you up. Nothing about you is realistic. If you're still a bit childish or irresponsible, today may be rather hard on you. It's nothing serious, so don't worry. However, if you feel as though your back is to the wall, don't react. Try to calmly accept what's happening to you.
Here's a day that will be rather calm for you, Capricorn. Peace has replaced all your soul searching. You feel in contact with life's daily routine, including aspects that you don't always consider like the weather, people's expressions, or small coincidences. You seem to be floating on a cloud. You're going to have a good deal of confidence today!
It's time to get yourself together. You have a tendency to be all over the place. You need to channel your energies into something you really care about. Tell yourself how proud you would be if you could get this done. Don't give up and don't change directions on your way. Stay focused!
This week you might feel empowered to take action on a goal or plan that's important to you. Even though a Mars/Uranus connection suggests a part of you may rebel against additional responsibility, you'll need to factor this into the equation in order to succeed. Along with this, a dip in energy could temporarily dent your confidence, but it's worthwhile forging ahead, whatever it takes. By the weekend you'll feel more like your old self and eager to see what the future holds.
You may feel yourself slipping into a deeper understanding with a close friend or loved one, Scorpio. Romantic situations are heating up, and you're slowly letting your inhibitions fade away so they're completely absent. You realize the exuberance and excitement that come when you come out of hiding and let your playful spirit charm the world. Put serious subjects aside and make time to have fun and be more social.
You may have a lot on your plate, but a willingness to wade in and tackle seemingly messy problems will help ease anxiety in the long term. Along with this, changes to your daily routines and habits may be necessary in order to accommodate plans and ideas, though you might need to compromise at times. Don't let temporary discouragement put you off. This isn't the time to quit but to increase the pace and persevere until things are resolved to your satisfaction.
A social situation could lead to a crunch question or decision early on, so be ready! At the same time, you'll be eager to forge ahead, particularly when it comes to plans and ideas that can deliver positive challenges and dynamic change. Neptune turns direct in your sign, which could coincide with greater clarity regarding key issues in your life. As Venus jogs into Sagittarius, you'll likely find that cooperation gets you places, particularly concerning career and goals.
Go somewhere special and far away in your mind for the Full Moon on November 6. Start reading a fantastically long book or watch that six-hour classic movie or series. You may have company doing this, too. Work will get busier but easier as of the November 22 New Moon. It could get more fun, too, but you don't have to reveal that part. Quiet cleverness will add to your mystique, so smile and say only what's necessary. Saturday, November 29, is full of dreamy romance, but feelings may also be vulnerable. Protect that dreamy heart.
This week's blend of energies encourages you to consider if you've been deluding yourself. A realistic and down-to-earth set of transits can give you vital perspective on what's happening and what you need to do about it. Home and family matters may have been bugging you for some time. Perhaps you don't realize the extent to which you've been affected, especially where health is concerned. This week it would help to make decisions that reinforce your commitment to yourself and your well-being.
You're the secret jewel, Leo. You're apt to be extremely loving and devoted to those who recognize this in you. There is no reason to shrink back and hide. Put on your royal air and flaunt your stuff. Your peaceful, charming nature shines through, and you radiate the god-like qualities you have within. Whoever shares your company tonight is extremely lucky. Make sure this person is worthy of you.
You may feel very motivated to take action regarding a key issue that has been bugging you for some time. Going ahead could mean you resolve matters fairly quickly, easing angst and leaving you feeling much more optimistic about the future. In addition, your social life seems very busy, with a chance you'll be organizing events or perhaps attending more formal get-togethers. An air of mystery might surround one meeting, leaving you intrigued. Mercury's link to Pluto may encourage collaborating with a likeminded someone.
You may have one or two issues to tackle that demand firm, decisive action. First, joint financial affairs may lead to an overhaul, especially if a partner or lender asks you to clean up your act. All is not lost, as your willingness to shoulder responsibility will stand you in good stead. Success may depend on a careful handling of resources along with the willingness to recycle items, skills, and abilities that may have been cast aside. Romantic options sizzle if you're looking for love.
While relationships may have been both rewarding and trying for a while, this week adds a new dimension to certain close connections. If you've been putting off making a decision, events may encourage you to go for it. Anxiety around doing the right thing may have caused delays while also leaving certain issues unresolved. Go with your gut on this, and be strong enough to do whatever feels right. Romantic options bring the potential for a love adventure as Venus glides into Sagittarius.
Your personal experiences may be rather intense, particularly if you're involved in an all-consuming romance or creative project. It might help to stand back from your situation and take a break now and again. Failing that, getting a confidant's take on things might help you see a situation from a different perspective. If your confidence wavers, continue anyway. You'll benefit from taking the right action and making some decisions. As Neptune forges ahead, the truth about a relationship may be revealed.
Be the rock star out in public during the November 6 Full Moon. Turn heads and have cute strangers introduce themselves. Be cool if someone asks for your autograph. You'll rock your work world, too, so be awesome. The New Moon on November 22 begins a social and fun month. Keep a journal because it's going to fly by. Everyone will want to pitch in to throw that big holiday party, so share the work and expense and go for it. On Thanksgiving Day, November 27, if you're overwhelmed by your countless blessings, remember that people are grateful to you, too.
The Full Moon pours generosity your way on November 6. Love what you already have and don't worry if someone looks at you and gets jealous or envious. Don't provoke them, though. November 18 could have a few rough spots. Cheerfully focus on what's important and you can breeze through anything. The New Moon on November 22 is going to surprise you with more friends than you ever imagined you had. They may not descend on you all at once, but over the course of the next month expect to see smiling faces that you haven't seen in a while.
